Scripts

Examine lines:
	cheese wheel - "You examine the cheese wheel." (command confirmation)
		"It's huge. You might be able to carry it if you sheathed your sword."
		"It's about 2 feet in diameter. This would make a mouse very happy."
		"You've never seen this much cheese in one place..."
		""
	pebble = "You examine the rock."
		"It's a small smooth pebble that fits nicely in the palm of your hand."
		""
	stone = "You examine the rock."
		"It's a sharp-edged stone about the size on your head. You could probably throw it."
		""		
	rock = "You examine the rock."
		"It's a good-sized rock. You could probably move it."
		""		
	boulder = "You examine the rock."
		"It's not a boulder! It's a rock."
		"The pioneers used to ride these for miles."
		"A massive carved boulder with rounded divets all over its surface. It's far too big to move."
	hammer = "You examine the hammer."	
		"It's a crudely crafted hammer. The grip of the handle is worn from use."
		"The metal of the head is stained dark red."
		"The handle is wrapped with dark tattered leather."
	metal rod = "You examine the metal rod."
		"It's a slender metal rod, about a foot long and the thickness of your finger."
		"The ends of the rod are roughly pointed."
		"It has a slight bend that keeps it from rolling."
	string = "You examine the string."
		"It's a very thin length of white string. Perhaps a stray from a piece of clothing."
		""
	key = "You examine the key."
		"It's a well-worn brass key. The tip is rather simple."
		"The head of the key has a small number [] on it."
	room = "You examine the room."
		"It's a medium sized stone-walled room. The walls are damp with condensation."
		
Eat lines:
	cheese wheel - "Eat cheese wheel?" (y or n to confirm)
		(y) - "You sheath your sword and begin to take bites out of the massive wheel of cheese. You get about half way through before you realize this was probably not a smart idea..." (continue to eat?)
			(y) - "You take a breathe before you stuff your face back down into the aromatic cheese. As you hesitantly swallow the last bite, you feel accomplished and noticably heavier."
			(n) - "You step back from the wheel of cheese feeling disgusted with yourself."
		(n) - "You decide not to eat the cheese wheel."
	stone - "Eat the stone?" (y or n to continue)
		(y) - "You bit down hard on the stone, breaking several teeth. The taste of iron fills your mouth."
		(n) - "You decide not to eat the stone."
	pebble - "Eat the pebble?" (y or n to continue)
		(y) - "You toss the pebble into your mouth and swallow it quickly."
		(n) - "You decide not to eat the pebble."
	rock - "Eat the rock?" (y or n to continue)
		(y) - "The rock is too big and lacks edges to bite. You suffice to lick it; unsurprisingly, it tastes like dirt."
		(n) - "You decide not to eat the rock."
	boulder - "Eat the boulder?" (y or n to continue)
		(y) - "You look around the boulder for a place to bite down on but it's simply to big and round."
		(n) - "You decide not to eat the boulder."
	hammer - "Eat the hammer?"
		(y) - "You gnaw purposelessly on the leather covered wooden handle but your teeth aren't sharp enough to cut through."
		(n) - "You decide not to eat the hammer."
	key - "Eat the key?"
		(y) - "You throw your head back and drop the key down your throat."
		(n) - "You decide not to eat the key."
		